[uss_qualifier] Inspect all collected queries for the usage of https (NET0220) (#188)
interuss/monitoring: monitoring/uss_qualifier/scenarios/astm/netrid/v19/aggregate_checks.md

**[astm.f3411.v19.NET0260-a](../../../../requirements/astm/f3411/v19.md)** requires that the 95th and 99th percentiles
of the durations for the replies to requested flights in an area do not exceed the respective thresholds
`NetSpDataResponseTime95thPercentile` (1 second) and `NetSpDataResponseTime99thPercentile` (3 seconds).

## Verify https is in use test case

### Verify https is in use test step

> Inspects all record queries for their usage of https. If resources such as a service provide, observer or DSS are marked
> as being in "local debug" mode, they may serve requests over https without breaking the test suite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inspects all record queries for their usage of https. If services such as a service provider, observer or DSS are marked
as being in "local debug" mode, they may serve requests over http without producing failed checks despite their lack of encryption.
```

area requested, then that participant will have violated **[astm.f3411.v19.NET0240](../../../../requirements/astm/f3411/v19.md)**.

TODO: Implement this check

> ## Verify https is in use test case

Reviewer: nit: the order of test cases isn't critical when one of them doesn't exist yet ("Mock USS interactions evaluation test case"), but I personally would put the implemented stuff above the unimplemented stuff when the order is otherwise undetermined

### Verify https is in use test step

Inspects all record queries for their usage of https. If services such as a service provider, observer or DSS are marked
as being in "local debug" mode, they may serve requests over http without producing failed checks despite their lack of encryption.

#### All interactions happen over https check

If non-encrypted interactions such as plaintext queries over http are allowed, **[astm.f3411.v19.NET0220](../../../../requirements/astm/f3411/v19.md)** is not satisfied.

#### No unattributed queries check

All queries must have been attributed to a participant: an unattributed query means that one of the test cases has not
properly recorded to which participant it was made.

This is an internal requirement and does not necessarily imply that there is a problem with the participants under test.

> ## Mock USS interactions evaluation test case

Reviewer: Looks like this got duplicated as it already exists above
